---
layout: release
version: 6.0.2
date: 2018-10-22
mc_release: 215
gps_version: 15.0.1
alt_beacon_version: 2.14
min_sdk: 16
compile_sdk: 27
---
* **Replaced GCM with FCM** -- We removed the [deprecated](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2018/04/time-to-upgrade-from-gcm-to-fcm.html) Google Cloud Messaging library and replaced it with Firebase Cloud Messaging.  You will now need to configure your application so that Firebase is initialized.  See [Implementing the SDK in Android]({{ site.baseurl }}/sdk-implementation/implement-sdk-google.html) for more details.
* **Simplified Notification Customization & Handling** -- The [MarketingCloudConfig.Builder]({{ site.baseurl}}/javadocs/MarketingCloudSdk/{{ site.currentMajorMinor }}/com.salesforce.marketingcloud/-marketing-cloud-config/-builder/index.html) has been simplified by consolidating all of the notification customization options into a single [NotificationCustomizationOptions]({{ site.baseurl}}/javadocs/MarketingCloudSdk/{{ site.currentMajorMinor }}/com.salesforce.marketingcloud.notifications/-notification-customization-options/index.html) class.  See [Customizing Notifications]({{ site.baseurl }}/notifications/customize-notifications) for details.
* **Fewer Required Dependencies** -- The Google Play Services Location and AltBeacon dependencies are no longer declared in the SDK's pom file as required dependencies.  Follow the instructions for enabling [Geofence]({{ site.baseurl }}/location/geolocation.html) and [Beacon]({{ site.baseurl }}/location/add-beacons.html) messaging if your application requires these features.
* **Improved Initialization Verification** -- We added additional checks to the `MarketingCloudConfig` builder to ensure that the necessary information is provided before the SDK is initialized.  These checks include ensuring that an icon resource for notifications is provided and that notification channels are handled.  To allow for this change you will need to update your call to [MarketingCloudConfig.Builder#build(Context)]({{site.baseurl}}/javadocs/{{ site.currentMajorMinor }}/com.salesforce.marketingcloud/-marketing-cloud-config/-builder/build.html) to pass in an Android Context.
* **Default Notification Channel** -- the SDK will now create a default notification channel named "Marketing".  See [Custom Channels]({{ site.baseurl}}/notifications/custom-channels) for details on how to modify this channel.
* **Removed Attribute class**  -- We removed the previously deprecated `Attribute` class along with any associated methods.  Registration attributes are now provided in a key-value Map.
* **Removed DefaultUrlPresenter** -- We removed the SDK's built-in URL presenter to remove security concerns.  As such, you must override notification handling if your message will redirect to a web URL, resource, file or other business logic driven custom application schema.  See [Handling URLs]({{ site.baseurl}}/sdk-implementation/url-handling.html) for more information.
* **Tenant Specific Endpoint** -- Two new methods were added to the [MarketingCloudConfig.Builder]({{ site.baseurl}}/javadocs/MarketingCloudSdk/{{ site.currentMajorMinor }}/com.salesforce.marketingcloud/-marketing-cloud-config/-builder/index.html) to facilitate Tenant Specific Endpoints: [`setMarketingCloudServerUrl()`]({{ site.baseurl }}/javadocs/{{ site.currentMajorMinor }}/com.salesforce.marketingcloud/-marketing-cloud-config/-builder/set-marketing-cloud-server-url.html) and [`setMid()`]({{ site.baseurl }}/javadocs/{{ site.currentMajorMinor }}/com.salesforce.marketingcloud/-marketing-cloud-config/-builder/set-mid.html) these values will configure the SDK to communicate with the specific server for your application.  Please refer to the [documentation]({{ site.baseurl}}/create-apps/create-apps-overview.html#finding-your-marketing-cloud-application-configuration-data) for guidance on where to find your Tenant Specific Endpoint and MID.
* **Improved Kotlin interoperability** -- Addressed issues reported by the [Kotlin interoperability](https://android.github.io/kotlin-guides/interop.html) Android lint check.
  * Added nullability annotations to all public APIs.
  * Reversed parameter order of MarketingCloudSdk's [whenReady]({{site.baseurl}}/javadocs/{{ site.currentMajorMinor }}/com.salesforce.marketingcloud/-marketing-cloud-sdk/-when-ready-listener/index.html) method to make the interface eligible for [SAM conversion](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/java-interop.html#sam-conversions).
* **Fixed region message url locale bug** - For locales that do not use `.` as the decimal separator, the SDK would request region messages in a format that is not supported by the Marketing Cloud.  This was corrected to enforce that `.` would be used regardless of device locale. -->